1) When it comes to crafting an impactful cover letter for HENNGE, clarity, conciseness, and relevance are paramount. 
    It should effectively address the candidate’s motivations for joining HENNGE; highlight relevant skills and experiences
    not fully captured in their CV; and demonstrate a genuine interest in the company and its mission.
2) The cover letter should also show that the candidate has taken the time to get to know HENNGE and make it explicitly clear
     what position they are actually applying for.
3)  if the candidate is not from Japan, we’d like to hear why they want to come here, what’s the motivation that drives them? <covered>

4) Crafting a cover letter requires candidates to conduct research on HENNGE, its products, culture, and values. <covered>
5) why your hiring would be a win-win for all involved.
6) we’re all about actively contributing to the development and improvement of Open Source Software  <covered>
7) Candidates who exhibit curiosity, adaptability, and a willingness to embrace challenges are well-suited to 
    thrive in our fast-paced environment. <covered>
8) I’d say a strong candidate is someone who can show how they are a “learnaholic”. <covered>
    Somebody who is keen to keep learning and evolving. This is one important facet of the HENNGE way.
9) Liberating Technology For All <covered>
10) Progress comes from challenging norms. Never afraid to take the first bite, we pluck the unripe <covered>
    fruits of future technologies to maintain our position as early adopters.
11) SaaS (software as a service) is our ideal business model in order to achieve the above. Our leading service, HENNGE One,
     has continuously growing numbers of users thanks to meaningful customer feedback and due to our ceaseless effort to 
     adopt change and overcome failure.
12) This means that we must be willing to adopt new or premature technology, even if it repeatedly makes us sick (fail) that we may be hospitalized,
     so that we can accumulate expertise and determine “fruits” that are good and useful for our customers from those that are precarious
13) There is an overabundance of trial and error, ideas that run counter to conventional wisdom or unsettled course of action as part 
     of everyday life at HENNGE. You may feel that your prior experience does not work to your advantage at times. However,
     through the challenges, your curiosity and ability to adapt to change will push you to grow as an individual and will also support the growth of HENNGE.
14) Values:
    -> Get inspired by technology's ability to transform the world within a lifetime
    -> Rise to the challenge, fail forward and pluck those unripe technological fruits.
    -> Stay curious with a thirst for knowledge and hunger to learn.
    -> Find your place in an inclusive environment that values diversity of nationality, gender, age, and thought as the source of our expanding potential.
15) Company product:
    -> HENNGE One: Provide services that remove obstacles for companies that trying to improve productivity by adopting cloud in one-stop.
        Enhance security and usability of cloud to all the employees by having company-wide implementation
    -> Engineering Team Introduction;
        i) Access Control Team  :   Developing and maintaining essential features within HENNGE One Identity Edition, including Access Control, 
                                  Single Sign-On, and Secure Browser.
        ii) Secure Transfer Team: Developing Secure Transfer, a key component of HENNGE One's DLP features. This solution provides a user-friendly way for
                                  organizations to securely share sensitive data with external parties
        iii) Email DLP Team     : At the forefront of protecting sensitive data, this team develops and refines HENNGE One DLP Edition's powerful email
                                  filtering and Data Loss Prevention (DLP) capabilities, enabling organizations to effectively enforce email security policies and prevent data leakage.
        iv) Email Archive Team  : Develops and maintains the Email Archive feature within HENNGE One DLP Edition, a solution that reliably archives emails
                                  sent to and from our customers' email addresses.
        v) File DLP Team        : The team ensures the File DLP feature is secure, eﬃcient, and user-friendly, while signiﬁcantly contributing to HENNGE's
                                  mission of providing powerful tools for data protection and regulatory compliance.
        vi) Tadrill Team        : Tadrill: a phishing and malware email training and reporting system designed to bolster employee cybersecurity awareness 
                                  and protect organizations from targeted attacks.
                                  Oukasho: a backend internal service providing APIs to streamline the deployment and conﬁguration of HENNGE products.
    -> Languages: Python, Go, Typescript, React, vueJs, Svelte, GraphQl, FastAPI, Kotlin, Redux, SASS
    -> Workflow : Github, Github Actions, Datadog, CircleCi, Sntry, ArgoCD, Playwright
    -> Storage/Infra: AWS, Kubernetes, Docker, Terraform, Elasticsearch, DynamoDB, PostgreSQL, MicrosoftAzure, Google cloud
    -> HENNGE Way: Love Tech, Eat Unripe fruits, Be a learnholistic, Passion, respect Differnces, keep it Open, Track and Trust, Win Together